- Tasks
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2024-04-10 Wed 00:21:24]
  :END:
	- NOW [#C] Add Survival Guides
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-04-11 Thu 09:18:16]
	  :END:
	- DONE Start taking notes of your classes here as well
	- DONE Finish as much as you can from the Trello Tasks
	- NOW Finish your essay about going to the event.
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-04-10 Wed 11:47:50]
	  :END:
	- NOW Annotate all algorithms for Algorithms
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-04-11 Thu 09:18:05]
	  :END:
		- DONE 9 (Already Documented surprisingly)
		- DONE 12
		- LATER 15
		- LATER 16
	- NOW Apply for Police Officer
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-04-11 Thu 09:18:07]
	  :END:
	- DONE Research about other positions
		- Make an analysis into how you can expand yourself into having projects on a different field.
	- LATER Use the Job Positions Research into a Plan.
	- Aprettenship Applications:
	  https://jobs.smoothstack.com/jobs/7xjpg0/1?utm_source=apprenticeship_gov&utm_medium=posting&utm_campaign=recruiting
	-
-
- **Some Key Positions**
	- Librarian
	- Police Officer (Is good to get into the public sector)
	- Business Analyst
	- Marketing Analyst
	- Data Engineer
	- Real Estate Analyst
	- Education Jobs are also ok.
-
-
-
- Some indenpendents thoughts:
- Does Basta even make sense if it will be entirely a Critical Theory kind of training and self-pitying? Is just absolute brainwashing with rarely any applicable insights How can we use the time to add something productive enough?.
	- Maybe apply to positions during the cohort times?
	- Are you stable mentally enough to work on Projects on the meanwhile? Or before that should be work and then add some processing.
	- So far it game me the opportunity to just randomly apply anywhere. Get the interview and ask
- Pipelines to books?
	- The idea could be just jotting down the ideas from different books and concepts. Then put them together with your experience into building books from bulletpoints.