- DOING Complete Assign Data Science
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2024-04-12 Fri 12:17:14]
  :END:
- TODO Write about the Pairing case
- TODO Write the emails for Compete
- TODO Prepare Compete Guidelines
- TODO Think about what can you do with Patents: https://ppubs.uspto.gov/pubwebapp/static/pages/ppubsbasic.html
- TODO Work on the backend of the site at least (SLC)
	- TODO Revise the Advanced React TS: https://ppubs.uspto.gov/pubwebapp/static/pages/ppubsbasic.html
-
- DONE Revise with Basta and started a Night shift on Wednesdays.
	- Does it make sense strategically speaking?
	- Revise on the course content and materials.
- TODO Start adding the following tags for Chrome:
	- Download, Click Link, Entered Link. Browse in Browser for the most popular could be also luckily handled on the backend (with queries such as search?
- DONE Design Cards Based W.
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2024-04-12 Fri 12:17:16]--[2024-04-12 Fri 13:23:42] =>  01:06:26
  :END:
- DOING Also remember to send the video recording!!
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2024-04-12 Fri 13:15:20]
  CLOCK: [2024-04-12 Fri 13:15:27]
  :END:
-
-
-
- ### Design Cards Based W.
-
-
- Instead of having the problems sets, on card have another deck for it.
- Testing Concepts
	- Scenarios
		- Feels like gov. Role Playing Game.
		- Fantasy Invasion
			- Some kingdoms might not be that bad. negotiations and AI different t Economies
		- Aliens Invasions
		- Secret Objectives (Cannot be reveled by rule: Different Secret objectives can be written, one can be htler, similar to secret. X also cards can be on engagement also a fun x amounts of points to be decided with DM regarding Secret Objectives. Can be call)
		- Scenarios are to be designed to be played in a single session.
	- Instead of separating via topic (it might make sense via difficulty but nah.)
		- I like the idea that agents, either use CS, or Business.
		- Or Finance Concepts Quiz.
		- Or the first cards being populated are in between those areas in specific
	- Also different types of units have different rules of engagement
		- Ships: Can't decide to launch attacks. But react to events: attacks, production.
		- Infantry: Less rules can attack randomly
		- Aerospace: cant be attacked, unless specified in the card. (Since many aerial spaces cant target aero units)
			- Dont count as defense line. Only Infantry and Ships
			- Space: a subset. but they specialize in intelligence:
				- example: Attacking Attachments and Infrastructure. Instead
	- Rework in Economy:
		- Instead of paying units using coins. There are no coins. You choose problems (currency) and cards from the deck to pick.
		- Then you solve the problems (as ammunition in your own time.) As well as placing the cards into the field. (You can just think of it that adquiring x amount of tech) depends on the lucky draw of the economy.
		- Another idea of how economy work is by having different decks for mechanics? Or that you can pick what to choose depending on what infrastructure you have on your base?
			- So the idea is that depending on the level of infrastructure, you can draw from different decks as well.
			- Making sense for tech advancement. So just placing your hand in the economy means things
	- Rework Matching:
		- Pvp matching to make it fair, can limit what technologies are being used. Since technically on the official game someone has to review the equations
	- Rework Cooperation
		- The game is kind of designed to be played on a team, as there are solving problems issues,
		- Allows for sharing units, and resources.
		- Allow for Un-meta coop options, allow for diplomacy. Cooping against the AI Alliying with the enemy (Cold war type of fun. ).
		- All Rules and solutions to be found on a Docusaurus type of page.
	- Example of Agencies
		- It can be agents and or agencies. I think the group makes more sense. Agencies work as attachments.
		- Each platform has an amount of attachments. For example. Base could have the most amount or depending on the level of it. Or perhaps they are not even. Like depending on the count of attachments, then the infrastructure is automatically upgraded.
		- Agencies can be used to quickly boost either infrastructure level, or troop qualities.
	- Idea of attachments as upgrades instead of tracking upgrades.
		- Some experience might mark their veterancy: By attaching Units on bottom. Depending on the unit. They might scale differently. e.g. Increasing Attack Dice Base Increase. Increasing Defense points. Allowing Special infantry Skills. Adding Guardian Angels. (e.g. Soviet mass army.) (Ideally none-increasing costs of the unit.)
		- Base scales with attachments.
		- Destroying enemy units usually leads to increased veterancy.
		- Unless specified, agencies cannot be attached to an unit. ()
	- Base Colony usually has predefined rules.
		- e.g. quantity of cards drawn,  quantity of deployed units allowed. e.g. Passive effects like adding additional cards from X Deck.
		- e.g. Allowing production of specific unit kinds. Since they are the same, and the rules should be added into a different kind of (large card)
		- In the future versions, you could release different types of societies. That since they value other things might prioritize e.g. grabbing more raw resource problems. Or More Unit Cards, O r allow larger Unit Spaces. Or having larger Defense Systems (requires higher dice to be destroyed).  Also like democracies and other types of systems that make different types of societies and technology tree unlock.
		- Also therefore the Unit and Agencies Cards shouldn't be separated by type but by technology tier. I, II, III, IV | As well as resource Types.
		- Also it would be interesting that some societies. Might allow using 2 Base I Resource as a Tier 2 resource 3 x III and 4 x IV (or like have replacements for some levels eg. 2T2 x 1T3)
		- Generally being more of a type in something. Or more advanced armies that requires an entirely different set.
		- For policies and infrastructure try to avoid passive stacked effects. Ideally use active options e.g. Using Tier 1 Resource does X.
		- Agents reset? Well it would make sense for agents and infrastructure to be abled to be activated to or toggled down. You can say that every 4 rounds. Or upon disclosure is a Cycle (a year, thus all assets and agents gets resettled.) Perhaps for the prototypes. somethings make more sense.
	- Tech Tiers
		- I: Base Infantry and cars kind of tech, with basic tanks etc. e.g. Militia. Characterized by low cost
		- II: Better Disciplined Troops + Naval Starter + WWi kind of tech for airspace
		- III Advanced Naval + Special Ops Troops +More modern airspace and agencies
		-
		-
		-
	-
-