- 1. the relationship between the FLN and Algerians (in this case, Algerians in Algiers and the Casbah).
	- The relationship seems that there are people in alger that are related or know about it.
	- Seems to feed into the population contrarian sentiment against the colony
	- It seems as if they want to control Algerian public habits
	- Is a very secretive organization as it is described that each member only knows other 3 members, not knowing who belongs to who
-
- 2. The FLN’s strategy of killing European civilians.
	- I didnt personallly like it.
	- I like that the film direction is displayed in a semi-objective way.
	- However I struggled to understand who planted the bomb int he batlle of Argel. For example in Nazy germany case
	- It seems to escalated
	- It is not very clear to me why did the officials bomb
-
- 3. The tactics deployed by the French army and how they led to a short-term French victory in the Casbah but contributed to France’s ultimate loss of Algeria.
	- In a conversation at around 1:08:00 there is a very key conversation about that bloodshed and arms doesn't win war. Its about what even harder and hardest of all to win it is to sustain it. But is only once we have won it that the real difficulty begin
	- The French Army evaluated counter insurgency moves that greatly increased public disaproval by invading life and rights of the individuals.
	- Another Strategy was the use of public ads.
	- Torture methods to force confessions
		- seen by the water torture method
		- Fire methods,
		- Electrocutions
	- The way I see it is an ever scalation of anger and radicalization.
		- Bombs
		- Terrorist attacks
		- Tougher Cracking Systems