- `70%` of new jobs are not published
- `40%` of recomendations gets hired. WHhle they are `5%` of candidates
- You should try to connect more with (try to impress):
	- Manager, Professors.
		- They have a larger poll.
			- They have more access to power
			- With age and experience they have broader and more diverse networks.
		- How do you connect more with them?
			- What automatic systems can you implement?
		- Create informational interviews. Where you and an employed professional knows about what they do.
		- Offering Oppporuntities
			- We are organizing a competition event about X, I thought you might be interested in finding professionals. Is free.
			- Resolving Results
		- Perhaps ask for advice:
			- What books or projects you recommend?
			- I know get a feeling like some projects might have gain more projects?
			- What questions
			- I noticed that one of your core values is innovation - How have you seen the focus on innovation play out of work?
				- The above shows the core values.
				- baby: (This is wrong) What are your company's core value? Does your company actually practice them
			- I've been reading the ways in which most banks are using AI to make the consumer banking experience feel less burecratic. What things would  you like to do?
			- How did you leverage your network throughout college?
				- Its about building connections. The divide is off.
				- Baby: Since you have the job I want, will you help me?
				- Broader questions: Ask even if you are not exactly interested to that job position.
			- DO
				- Spend a little time reviewing the Linkedin profile for each volunteer in your group
				- generate 203 questions you can ask each professional
				- Prep some general questions you could ask anyone!
			- DONT
				- DOnt ask questions  just for the sake of questions
				- 4,5 mins in LinkedIn and the rest drafting it.
				- Do not request a connection until after
		- Share attitude
		- Open to connect with linkedin?
			- Fellow will be time keeper. Write down the name of the volunteers. If you know who you were talking to, or the thing bugs out
			- Also have the name of the road development.
			- DOnt go over blinders up.
			- Review your personal narrative
				- Practice it out loud
			-